[theme music playing]
[birds chirping]
[sizzling]
[flames whooshing]
[people screaming]
[screaming continues]
Oh, my God. How are they doing that?
Are they out there setting fires?
No. It's the harvest.
I just didn't see it.
And I waited until everyone
was back in their homes.
-[Trevor] Oh!
-[Sypha gasps]
We have to get in there.
Take it! Take the priory, now!
[grunts]
[yelling, screaming]
[panting]
[night creatures growling]
[distant hammering]
[hooves thundering]
Hah!
[grunts]
[Isaac] Remember, death blows only!
All limbs intact!
[laughing]
Don't eat any of them!
[growls]
[grunts, groans]
[blade puncturing]
[groaning]
[roars]
[explosions]
Sleep, you idiot.
[sighs]
Maybe I should get a coffin to sleep in.
-[door closes]
-What's wrong?
[Taka]
Nothing is wrong.
[Sumi
Everything's fine.
[Taka]
You've been so alone.
It's time for your reward.
[flames roaring]
[yelling]
[swords clanging]
[grunts] Yah!
[yelling]
[yells]
[yelling, fighting]
Hyah!
[grunting]
No. No, no.
-Yah!
-Oh!
[Sypha humming]
[wind whooshing]
[flames roaring]
[shrieking]
Oh...
[creature growling]
[chuckling]
[growls]
[screeches]
[moaning]
[shrieks]
[creatures snarling]
[growls]
[moaning]
[yells]
[horse whinnies]
[giant's footsteps thudding]
[roars]
[screaming]
[roaring]
[grunting, yelling]
[blades clanking]
Oh! Ah!
-[whooshing]
-[screaming]
[gasping]
[Isaac grunts]
[grunting]
[panting, grunting]
[grunting, groaning]
-[wings flapping]
-[men screaming]
[explosion]
[roars]
[grunts]
Unhh!
[whooshing]
Ah!
[gasps]
[grunts, roars]
Ah! [grunts]
[grunting]
[humming]
[grunts]
[roaring]
[Sypha panting]
[grunting]
[laughing]
[groaning]
[grunting]
[laughing]
[laughter continues]
[grunts]
[panting]
-[grunting]
-[panting, gasping]
[gasps]
-[blade puncturing]
-[Wizard groaning]
[gasping]
-Will you come with me?
-Yes.
-Be mine.
-Yes. Yes.
Tell me you're mine.
I'm yours.
Tell me you belong to me.
Yes. I belong to you.
Be loyal to me.
Please.
Yes. Yes.
Say it.
[panting]
[Lenore] Please.
Please, Hector.
I'll be loyal to you.
[Hector groans]
[gasping]
[groaning, grunting]
[groaning]
[Hector screams]
[Sypha grunts]
[growls]
[flames whooshing]
Oh!
What the fuck is that?!
The creature's controlling it!
It consumed the souls of Lindenfeld
to do it!
[lightning crashing]
[Gregorian chant-style music playing]